All of you fought very well.
Especially Dai.
This victory was thanks to you!
You truly have grown
into a young man
who is worthy to carry
the title of "Hero."
And, from this day on,
you may introduce
yourself as such.
[applauding]
Congratulations!
Maam: Your dream came true.
Your Majesty?
It's too soon for me.
Huh?!
[disbelieving grunt]
What are you talking about?!
I would have never
won it alone.
Because you, Maam, Gomechan,
and everyone in the castle
worked together
for this victory.
If I'm a Hero,
then everyone is a Hero.
Thank you, Dai...
Dai: So... until I
get a little stronger
and can fight without
burdening anybody else,
I can't in good faith
accept this title.
I'm a bit embarrassed.
It's admirable.
Very well. I look forward
to your further growth.
Shaman Brass, you have
truly raised a good child.
Oh... Thank you.
He's my...
He's my pride and joy.
Dai: Knock it off, Grampa.
It's a little much.
You knucklehead.
Nobody asked you!
[chuckle]
These gifts are the least
I can do for you three.
Now, please, try them on
and then we'll go show
you off to the people.
King Romos: Everyone
is eager to see
the heroes who
saved this country.
[chattering]
I hear he's still a small boy.
I'd love to catch a
glimpse of the mighty Hero!
[playing music]
[excited cheering]
Those youngsters are
the ones who saved us!
[excited cheering]
Man, the real
Heroes look so cool.
Maybe we should
get new outfits.
[chuckling]
You know,
if you fought Dai now,
you probably wouldn't win.
Hey - just leave it, will ya?
Masopho [thought]:
It seems as if
you're the real
deal, after all.
Well done.
Good luck to you, boy.
It feels pretty
good to work really hard
and have people thank you
for it like this afterwards.
Hey, Popp...
You actually seem a little
cool today. Nice work.
Wow! Thank you for
all the support!
[cheering]
King Romos [thought]: Dai,
listen to them cheer for you...
It's as clear as day.
While you may not wish it yet,
I'm sure the people
will speak of you...
as "Dai, the Little Hero."
[excited laugh]
[laughing]
What was that?
It came from
the Heart Chamber!
The Heart Chamber?
How curious...
That's where Magic
Rituals are performed.
Vearn: This is Kasizz, the most
powerful Heat-type spell.
Along with that
new body of yours,
consider it your reward
for defeating Avan.
Magnificent. Now I have
complete mastery
of both Heat and
Explosion-type spells.
[evil chuckle]
Lord Hadlar!
Hadlar: Zaboera.
Use your Heyedras and send out
an order to all of our forces.
[gasp]
Summon the remaining
Legion Commanders
here to Sovereign
Rock Castle!
Brass [thought]: Dai, until
the day when the Dark King is
finally defeated and
peace is restored,
we monsters shall live quietly
here on Dermline Island.
So whatever comes next,
don't worry about us.
Fight on with all your might.
[thrilled laughter]
Wow! This is
exhilarating, gang!
And can you believe how
King Romos just casually
lent us an awesome
ship like this?
He's so magnanimous!
And boy, oh boy, is this
ship ever fast, as well.
You like it, Dai?
He's upset. He didn't
even say goodbye to Brass.
I guess it must've
been too hard for him.
Oh, I see.
Well, I guess I'll just
have to cheer him up!
What's with the long face?
Look - I know you
care about your old man,
but you don't need to worry.
He'll be fine!
You think so?
Oh, yeah. Totally.
All we've gotta do is
wipe out the Dark King
and your problem's solved!
Thank you, Popp...
And you're right.
We just have to do our best!
You betcha. It'll be fine.
You've got some strong
allies behind you.
With me here, you don't have
anything to be afraid of!
I'm not even kidding.
After that last battle,
it feels like my caliber
as a Mage, or even just a man,
has leveled up like crazy.
I bet I could
take on an entire-
[snarling]
[shrieking]
[pained roar]
[trembling]
What was that?!
Leveled up like crazy,
huh? You wish.
Captain: Sorry if
you were startled.
The ship continuously pours
out Holy Water as she sails.
Your average monster
couldn't even get close to us.
Huh. Well,
that sounds lavish.
Nothing like that creaky
old tub we sailed over in.
Indeed.
You could never
make it all the way
to the Continent of
Holkia with that thing.
The Continent of Holkia?
[amused cackle]
Let me show you on a map.
At the moment,
we're heading east,
past Dermline Island toward
the Continent of Holkia.
Papnica is right
in the middle of it.
Dai: Huh. Dermline
Island is so small.
But why are you heading
to Papnica anyway?
There are plenty of other
large countries to visit.
[playful chuckle]
If I'm not mistaken,
Dai wants to see his
beloved princess, of course.
Isn't that right?
What? N-N-No. Stop it!
Th-that's not the only reason!
His beloved princess?
Yeah, he's friends with
the princess of Papnica,
and he's got a big crush.
So, you see,
that's why he wants to rescue
her from the Dark Army.
He's just trying
to impress her.
Wow. I didn't know.
Seems like you're quite the
ladies' man, aren't you, Dai?
Look - I told you,
that's not it!
Uh-huh. See him blush?
Isn't it adorable?
Ah, I see.
The princess of Papnica...
I guess you haven't
heard the news?
Huh?
What do you mean?
Is there a problem?
The Dark Army has
sent out their legions
to invade every single
one of the continents,
but I understand
the battle in Papnica
has been the most hard fought.
[worried breaths]
From what I've heard,
fifteen years ago,
Holkia was the
Dark Lord Hadlar's
main base of operations.
Lord Hadlar?
Apparently, that's why
the most terrifying Legion
in all of the
Dark Army has been sent
to take control of
the entire continent.
The reports say it's
a legion of immortals
who are known as the Undead.
A legion of immortals...
Dai [thought]: Leona...
I'll be there soon.
Just hold on!
[pained yell]
[snide laugh]
They're all so frail!
Why do humans have such fragile
bodies? It's such a let-down.
[amused chuckle]
If these are supposed
to be their best warriors,
then this country is
all but mine!
Fire minion:
Master Flazzard!
Flazzard: What?!
Master! We just received an
urgent message from a Heyedra.
All Legion Commanders are to
gather at Sovereign Rock Castle!
Why all of us together?
Did they say what's going on?
Yes, master! It seems
a new young Hero has risen
and defeated Crocodine
the Beast King.
Really, now. Crocodine?
Well, I see.
So it's an emergency.
So be it, then. I will
go to Sovereign Rock Castle.
You finish off this
country yourselves!
Both: Yes, sir!
Flazzard: Show no mercy.
Burn the villages and
put any survivors on ice!
Leave no trace of the humans,
be it house, or field,
or even livestock! Understand?!
Both: Y-Yes, sir!
Monster: Blizzblaze General
Flazzard has arrived.
Zaboera: Ah, Flazzard!
Oh, it's Zaboera the old man.
Fast as ever, I see.
You live up to your name of
"Blitz Captain
of the Dark Army."
I heard Crocodine was
defeated. Truly pathetic.
To lose to a mere human kid.
Zaboera: That boy
Dai may be human,
but he is not to
be underestimated.
Oh, really?
I offered him
a flawless scheme
and still the so-called
Beast King managed to lose.
He's being kept
in Resurrection Fluid,
but his chances are
fifty percent at best.
Flazzard: If whoever caused this
damage is really just a kid,
then he's a true monster.
No one, no matter
how strong they are,
should be able to damage
Crocodine's steel
body like this.
That means this Dai must possess
more than just physical power.
Zaboera [thought]: Not bad,
Blizzblaze General Flazzard.
You're more than just some
hot-blooded brawler, aren't you?
Having both flaming brutality
and ice-cold
cunningness as well...
Baran: I concur.
Flazzard: Baran!
This fledgling Hero
possesses immense potential.
I didn't think you'd make it.
[chuckle]
My sympathies, pal.
Heading off to take Ringaia
only to be summoned right back?
It's a cruel joke.
Save your sympathies.
The Ringaia Kingdom
has been destroyed.
-Zaboera: Really, so fast?
-Flazzard: What? No way.
Baran: Come along.
Lord Hadlar awaits in
the Left Shoulder Chamber.
He wiped out the entire
Fortress Kingdom of Ringaia
in such a short time?
He's as powerful as a
wrathful god, always has been.
Thank you all
for coming so far.
Flazzard [thought]: Hmm.
I see Master Hadlar
has gained even more power.
Zaboera [thought]: It feels as
if he's overflowing with energy.
Baran [thought]: It appears
his seat as Dark Commander
remains secure for now.
We're still missing
Hyunckel and Mystvearn.
Who in the blazes would be
late for an emergency summons?
Come now, Flazzard.
You really haven't noticed?
Mystvearn is seated
right next to you.
Flazzard: You...
How did you...
[annoyed grunt]
Every time... I hate
it when he does that.
Then that just
leaves Hyunckel.
Sadly, it appears I must
apologize to all of you.
I had intended
to gather our forces
in order to obliterate
the new Hero, Dai.
But Dark King Vearn
has a different notion,
and he has made
a direct order.
He gave the task of
defeating the boy to Hyunckel,
and we are not to interfere.
Unbelievable.
Captain: Is this really
the famously scenic
port city of Papnica?!
Captain, this place
is dangerous.
Once we're off the ship,
get as far away from
here as you can!
Hey, wait! Are you sure?
If he does that,
what about our ride back?
Look, this isn't the time
to be worried about that!
Hey, wait up, Dai!
Dai [thought]:
Please be okay, Leona.
Dai: Leona!
[sobbing]
Oh, Dai...
We were too late.
This is terrible...
[surprised chirp]
[frightened yells]
[terrified yelp]
S-Sk-Sk-Skeletons!
This must be the
legion of immortals.
They invaded this country!
Calm down, Dai. We're
clearly outnumbered here.
Oh, fine then.
It looks like
we have to fight!
[surprised grunts]
Who is that guy?
That was the Avan
Style Sword Technique...
An Earth Slash!
Then he's one of Avan's
students, like we are?
I didn't know there
were other users of
the Avan Style
Sword Technique.
Well, if he's a
Disciple of Avan,
then I'm positive
he'll join us!
Popp: Are you
sure about that?
Because I think he has
the face of a villain.
Thank you for saving us!
So you're a student
of Master Avan, too?
Just who are you, kid?
It is indeed true that I
learned to fight from Avan.
And if I'm to be
called a student of his,
well, then I suppose
I would in fact be the first.
Hang on... You're
his first student?!
That's amazing!
Popp [thought]:
What a freaky sword.
I've never seen a blade
so ominous looking.
He's got a strange,
malicious feel to him.
Is he really on our side?
So, tell us, what
happened to this country?
Hyunckel: It fell
to the Dark Army's
Undead Legion two days ago.
The Undead Legion?
You mean those skeletons?
And Leona?
What happened to the
princess of this country?
No idea. I was wondering
about that myself.
Absolute nonsense.
It's an outrage. Hyunckel?!
That little pipsqueak.
I never liked the fact that
even though he's just
a pathetic human,
he was still accepted as
one of us Legion Commanders!
[frustrated grunt]
Calm yourself,
my good Flazzard.
You're heating the place up.
How am I supposed to
calm myself?!
I do understand your rage.
But this was our
Dark King's decision,
and it's not our
place to question him.
The whole thing
was Hyunckel's idea.
You know how he can be!
Just because the Dark King
took a liking to him,
he gets all arrogant!
That conniving brat...
[chuckle]
Baran [thought]:
Mystvearn...
Zaboera [thought]:
The shadow being...
Known to remain silent
for decades at a time.
Flazzard [thought]:
He's laughing!
Mystvearn: The Dark King's words
take precedence above all.
Exactly right.
We have no choice
but to obey his will.
[frustrated growl]
And besides, he is
the perfect candidate.
If we want to wipe this
new Hero off the board,
there's no one better
to do it than Hyunckel.
Hadlar: After all...
Maam: We were lucky to
meet you here when we did.
Join us, and let's
all fight together.
No, hold it!
I'm telling you, guys.
Something is off here!
What the heck are
you talking about, Popp?
Yeah, come on.
Only a student of Master Avan
could use Earth Slash, right?
If you're really
one of his students,
then you should have an
Insignia of Avan like us.
You mean this?
Well, don't I feel dumb...
See? It's all fine.
We're gonna need
all the help we can get,
so what d'you say?
Fight with us! We'll take
on the Dark Army together.
[menacing laugh]
Okay... what's so funny?
[chuckling]
I was just laughing
at what complete fools
the three of you have
turned out to be.
I knew it!
[alarmed chirp]
What's the meaning of this?
I told you guys. This creep
is a villain after all!
Yeah, but his insignia!
It's probably just
a fake or something.
Oh, no. It isn't a fake.
The truth is, not all students
of Avan respect their teacher
and love justice
like you three.
Some of us love chaos,
and have embraced
the darkness instead.
After seeing just how weak...
justice really is!
But...
My name is Hyunckel.
One of the Six Commanders
of the Dark Army;
leader of the Undead Legion!
Wait, hang on... How could
a student of Master Avan
be a Legion Commander
of the Dark Army?!
Popp: Traitor.
Frizz!
These are corpse warriors
who have surpassed even death.
Hyunckel: They will not stop
their assault unless pulverized!
Wait, Hyunckel.
Haven't you heard?
Master Avan...
He was defeated
by the Dark Army.
He's gone.
Yes, I heard about it.
Word is, Hadlar did it.
And yet you're still
fighting for the Dark Army?!
I'll admit it was
quite a shock.
To be defeated by the
very enemy he once bested?
Hyunckel: That's what he
gets for taking on students
and neglecting
his own training.
For what it's worth,
I was rather hoping
to kill him myself.
Such a shame.
I implored the Dark King
to give me an opportunity
to defeat Avan's
students instead;
however, now that I see
they're weaklings like you,
I can't tell which
is more disappointing.
[attacking yell]
A decent Earth Slash...
Don't disrespect my Master!
I'm not gonna let you talk
like that! Take it back!
How very interesting.
Now tell me.
What if I say I won't?
I'll do this!
He blocked an Earth Slash?!
Hyunckel:
Reexamine your skills
before your run
your mouth, boy!
Come on!
How about this?!
Avan Style
Sword Technique...
Wave Slash!
This is bad.
Hyunckel's sword work
beats Dai's in both
strength and skill!
I know all about the
Avan Style Sword Technique.
Hyunckel: Dodging someone of
your skill is almost too easy.
It's not over!
That's the stance...
Avan Strash!
[gasp]
Narrator: After Dai's
Avan Strash has no effect,
Hyunckel dons
the ultimate armor
and fights using his
Dark Sword...
While he mounts a
vicious counter-attack,
his heart overflows
with intense hatred.
But when Dai discovers
the source of Hyunckel's rage,
he'll learn that the past
is a murky battleground.
Can he defeat
this mysterious foe?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Hyunckel
the Dark Swordsman".